in this short lecture,
we're just going to fill out the index page so that it presents a blurb and some links that
allow user to access their account or sign in or sign up or what have you?
The first thing that we need to do is update the handler for index.
So that includes some riel metadata.
So we want to set the title in the head to up time monitoring made simple.
And you consider to whatever you want the description,
the meta description.
I'm going to say we offer free simple up time monitoring for HDP shouldn't ps sites of all
kinds.
When your site goes down,
we'll send you a text to let you know we won't be using the body title anymore.
That was just an example so that you could see how template ing worked within the index
template.
But we will be using the body class set to index.
As I mentioned before.
Our CSS file already includes the CSS that will need for this page and so we don't need to
add any more.
We just need to update the actual template here.
I'm gonna update this h one to say up time monitoring.
I'm gonna add an age to that,
says made simple.
That's kind of the slogan of this application.
Now I want to add a blurb in the middle of the page.
I'm just going to say it's a game for the class blurb and this blur was just going to say
the same thing that we said in the meta description.
So I'm just going to copy that from here.
Now we want to put it called Action that are gonna be Wrapped in a day of So that they
could be centered.
And so the day of the Wrapped in is called C T a rapper,
and we have to see T A's that are both links both a tags with classes.
One of them is going to link to account slash create,
which is where you should go.
If you want to sign up,
it's going to say get started and we're gonna have another link right next to it.
That's a C T a and blue,
and it's going to link to a session.
Slash create and it will be called lock in.
With CSS already in place,
we can start this up and see what it looks like.
So that is the home page of our application.
Just to spread this out a bit and push the footer down,
I'm going to add some Lauren Ipsum text here.
Say that again.
Now it's important point.
Since we are reading in these templates at the moment of the http request,
we don't need to restart the server in order to be able to reload the page and see the new
template there being read off the file system at the moment of the HDP request.
So there we go.
Now it's looking more like a normal website.
We can click here to get started.
Click here again and later on this menu will be changed so that someone who's viewing it
and is locked out will only see sign up and log it.
So that's all we need to do for the index file for the root of our website.
And now we can move on to the next lecture